README_TEMPLATE.md, before:

![](./assets/YOUR SAMPLE GIF PATH)

**Describe sample functionality**, EXAMPLE: This sample shows how to insert an existing template from an external Excel file into the currently open Excel file. Then it retrieves data from a JSON web service and populates the template for the customer.

### Features
- Features of this sample: which APIs are used, what service is called....
- EXAMPLE: Use insertWorksheetsFromBase64 to insert a worksheet from another Excel file into the open Excel file.
- EXAMPLE: Get JSON data and add it to the worksheet.

## How to run this sample

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16/18 (Tested on DELETE_16.14.0_THIS)
- [Teams Toolkit Visual Studio Code Extension](https://aka.ms/teams-toolkit) version 5.7.0 and higher.
- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription (including Office on the web). If you don't already have Office, you might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](
https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/dev-program);
for details, see the [FAQ](
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-).
Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1)
or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).


### Run and debug the add-in
1. Open M365/Teams Toolkit
<br>![](./assets/toolkit_development.png)
2. Click `Check and Install Dependencies`
3. Launch and debug
    * **For Office on Windows/macOS**, click `Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)` button on tree view and select a launch config. A Word/Excel/PowerPoint app will launch with add-in sample side-loaded. **Note:** Debugging on macOS is not supported yet.
    * **For Office on the web**: [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing)
4. Click `Stop Preview Your Office Add-in` to stop debugging.


### How to use this sample
1. EXAMPLE: Put the steps about how to use this sample.
2. EXAMPLE: Register an API key in XXXXXX
3. EXAMPLE: Replace the API key in xxxxx.js
4. EXAMPLE

### File structure
(DELETE) Use copilot chat @workspace to generate folder structure
```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets like image/gif
| babel.config.json
| manifest*.xml                 Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     Get started here
| SECURITY.md
| src/                          Add-ins source code
|   | commands/
|   |   | commands.html
|   |   | commands.js
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Taskpane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Taskpane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```

## Feedback
Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue]( https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Samples/issues/new) and we'll help you out.

## Copyright
Copyright (c) 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
<br>**Note**: The taskpane.html file contains an image URL that tracks diagnostic data for this sample add-in. Please remove the image tag if you reuse this sample in your own code project.
<img src="https://pnptelemetry.azurewebsites.net/pnp-officeaddins/samples/word-add-in-aigc">

## Disclaimer
**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

Commit message:

add teamsapp.yml & update readme template

README_TEMPLATE.md, after:

![](./assets/YOUR SAMPLE GIF PATH)

**Describe sample functionality**, DELETE_EXAMPLE: This sample shows how to insert an existing template from an external Excel file into the currently open Excel file. Then it retrieves data from a JSON web service and populates the template for the customer.

### Features
- DELETE_Features of this sample: which APIs are used, what service is called....
- DELETE_EXAMPLE: Use insertWorksheetsFromBase64 to insert a worksheet from another Excel file into the open Excel file.
- DELETE_EXAMPLE: Get JSON data and add it to the worksheet.

## How to run this sample

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16/18 (Tested on DELETE_16.14.0_THIS)
- [Teams Toolkit Visual Studio Code Extension](https://aka.ms/teams-toolkit) version 5.7.0 and higher.
- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription (including Office on the web). If you don't already have Office, you might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](
https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/dev-program);
for details, see the [FAQ](
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-).
Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1)
or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).


### Run and debug the add-in
1. Open M365/Teams Toolkit
<br>![](./assets/toolkit_development.png)
2. Click `Check and Install Dependencies`
3. Launch and debug
    * **For Office on Windows/macOS**, click `Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)` button on tree view and select a launch config. A Word/Excel/PowerPoint app will launch with add-in sample side-loaded. **Note:** Debugging on macOS is not supported yet.
    * **For Office on the web**: [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing)
4. Click `Stop Preview Your Office Add-in` to stop debugging.


### How to use this sample
1. DELETE_EXAMPLE: Put the steps about how to use this sample.
2. DELETE_EXAMPLE: Register an API key in XXXXXX
3. DELETE_EXAMPLE: Replace the API key in xxxxx.js
4. DELETE_EXAMPLE

### File structure
(DELETE) Use copilot chat @workspace to generate folder structure
```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets like image/gif
| babel.config.json
| manifest*.xml                 Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     Get started here
| teamsapp.yml                  Config file for M365/Teams Toolkit support
| SECURITY.md
| src/                          Add-ins source code
|   | commands/
|   |   | commands.html
|   |   | commands.js
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Taskpane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Taskpane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```

## Feedback
Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue]( https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Samples/issues/new) and we'll help you out.

## Copyright
Copyright (c) 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
<br>**Note**: The taskpane.html file contains an image URL that tracks diagnostic data for this sample add-in. Please remove the image tag if you reuse this sample in your own code project.
<img src="https://pnptelemetry.azurewebsites.net/pnp-officeaddins/samples/word-add-in-aigc">

## Disclaimer
**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**
