Excel-Add-in-Custom-Function-Using-WebWorker/README.md, before:

# Custom Function Sample Using Web Worker

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800">

This sample shows how to use web workers in custom functions to prevent blocking the UI of your Office Add-in.

## Features

- Custom Functions
- Web workers

## How to run this sample

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16, 18, or 20 (18 is preferred) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). To verify if you've already installed these tools, run the commands `node -v` and `npm -v` in your terminal.
- [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) version 0.5.0 and higher.
- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. You might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](
https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program), see [FAQ](
https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-) for details.
Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1)
or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).


### Run the add-in using Office Add-ins Development Kit
[Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) is an end-to end developer tool for building Office add-ins. You can use this tool to easily creating, running and debugging, and managing the lifecycle of an Office add-in.
<br><img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="800"/>

1. **Check and Install Dependencies**

    Select `Check and Install Dependencies` to check your environment and install necessary dependencies in order to run and debug the add-in code.

3. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**
    
    Select `Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)` on the side panel to start running and debugging the add-in code. A Word/Excel/PowerPoint app will launch with the add-in sample side-loaded.
    * To debug on Office on the web, go to [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing)
    * To debug in Desktop (Edge Legacy), go to [Debug Edge Legacy Webview](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-legacy)
    
    **If you meet sideload errors, please first confirm the following items and check [troubleshoot development errors]( https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors) for common issues. If you still have problems, [Create an issue](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/issues/new/choose) and we'll help you out.** 
    
    * You have installed dependencies.
    * You have closed all Word/Excel/PowerPoint apps.
    * You have stopped your last add-in previewing session.

4. **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    Select `Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in` to stop debugging.

### How to use this sample

After launch Excel with add-in sample side-loaded, follow below steps:
1. Click the executeCFWithoutWebWorker button, a CustomFunction without WebWorker will be instered into the 'A1' Cell and executed, and the ball inside the taskpane will be blocked.
2. Click the executeCFWithWebWorker button, a CustomFunction with WebWorker will be instered into the 'A1' Cell and executed, and the ball inside the taskpane will not be blocked.

Now you can use the following custom functions:

```
=WebWorkerSample.TEST(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_PROMISE(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_ERROR(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_ERROR_PROMISE(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_UI_THREAD(2)
```

If you open the task pane you will see an animated bouncing ball. You can see the effect of blocking the UI thread by entering `=WebWorkerSample.TEST_UI_THREAD(50000)` into a cell. The bouncing ball will stop for a few seconds while the result is calculated.

### Explore sample files
To explore the components of the add-in project, review the key files listed below. 
<br>You can check whether your manifest file is valid by selecting `Validate Manifest` in the `Office Add-ins Development Kit` extension tree view.
```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets like image/gif
| babel.config.json
| manifest*.xml                 Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     Get started here
| SECURITY.md
| src/                          Add-ins source code
|   | commands/
|   |   | commands.html
|   |   | commands.js
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.html         Taskpane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here
|   | functions/
|   |   | functions.js          custom function js
|   |   | functions-worker.js   webworker js
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```

### Make code changes
**Resources to learn more Office add-ins capabilities:**
* Select `View Samples` on `Office Add-ins Development Kit` tree view for real-world examples and code structures.
* [Read the documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) of Office add-ins.

## Engage with the team
Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue]( https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Samples/issues/new) and we'll help you out.

Want to learn more about new features, development practices, and additional information? [Join the Microsoft Office Add-ins community call.](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins-community-call)

## Details

### Dispatch to web worker

When a custom function needs to use a web worker, we turn the calculation into a job and dispatch it to a web worker. The **dispatchCalculationJob** function takes the function name and parameters from a custom function, and creates a job object that is posted to a web worker. For more details see the **dispatchCalculationJob** function in [functions.js](functions.js).

```JavaScript
    // Post a job to the web worker to do the calculation
    function dispatchCalculationJob(functionName, parameters) {
        const jobId = g_nextJobId++;
        return new Promise(function(resolve, reject) {
            // store the promise information.
            g_jobIdToPromiseInfoMap[jobId] = {resolve: resolve, reject: reject};
            const worker = getOrCreateWebWorker(jobId);
            worker.postMessage({
                jobId: jobId,
                name: functionName,
                parameters: parameters
            });
        });
    }
```

### Web worker runs the job and returns the result

The web worker runs the job specified in the job object to do the actual calculation. The web worker code is in a separate file in [functions-worker.js](functions-worker.js).

The functions-worker.js will:

1. Receive a message containing the job to run.
1. Invoke a function to perform the calculation.
1. Call **postMessage** to post the result back to the main thread.

```JavaScript
self.addEventListener('message',
    function(event) {
        let data = event.data;
        if (typeof(data) == "string") {
            data = JSON.parse(data);
        }

        const jobId = data.jobId;
        try {
            const result = invokeFunction(data.name, data.parameters);
            // check whether the result is a promise
            if (typeof(result) == "function" || typeof(result) == "object" && typeof(result.then) == "function") {
                result.then(function(realResult) {
                    postMessage(
                        {
                            jobId: jobId,
                            result: realResult
                        }
                    );
                })
                .catch(function(ex) {
                    postMessage(
                        {
                            jobId: jobId,
                            error: true
                        }
                    )
                });
            }
            else {
                postMessage({
                    jobId: jobId,
                    result: result
                });
            }
        }
        catch(ex) {
            postMessage({
                jobId: jobId,
                error: true
            });
        }
    }
);

```

Most of the previous code handles the error case and Promise case.

### Process results from the web worker

In [functions.js](functions.js), when a new web worker is created, it is provided a callback function to process the result. The callback function parses the data to determine the outcome of the job. It resolves or rejects the promise as determined by the job result data.

```JavaScript
        // create a new web worker
        const webWorker = new Worker("functions-worker.js");
        webWorker.addEventListener('message', function(event) {
            let data = event.data;
            if (typeof(data) == "string") {
                data = JSON.parse(data);
            }

            if (typeof(data.jobId) == "number") {
                const jobId = data.jobId;
                // get the promise info associated with the job id
                const promiseInfo = g_jobIdToPromiseInfoMap[jobId];
                if (promiseInfo) {
                    if (data.error) {
                        // The web worker returned an error
                        promiseInfo.reject(new Error());
                    }
                    else {
                        // The web worker returned a result
                        promiseInfo.resolve(data.result);
                    }
                    delete g_jobIdToPromiseInfoMap[jobId];
                }
            }
        });
```
## Copyright
Copyright (c) 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
<br>**Note**: The taskpane.html file contains an image URL that tracks diagnostic data for this sample add-in. Please remove the image tag if you reuse this sample in your own code project.
<img src="https://pnptelemetry.azurewebsites.net/pnp-officeaddins/samples/word-add-in-aigc">

## Disclaimer
**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

Commit message:

MOD: update README.md & add RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md

Excel-Add-in-Custom-Function-Using-WebWorker/README.md, after:

# Custom Function Sample Using Web Worker

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800">

This sample shows how to use web workers in custom functions to prevent blocking the UI of your Office Add-in.

## Features

- Custom Functions
- Web workers

## How to run this sample

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16, 18, or 20 (18 is preferred) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). To verify if you've already installed these tools, run the commands `node -v` and `npm -v` in your terminal.
- [Visual Studio Code](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) and [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) version 0.5.0 and higher.
- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. You might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](
https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program), see [FAQ](
https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-) for details.
Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1)
or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).


### Run the add-in using Office Add-ins Development Kit extension
The simpliest way to run this add-in project is using the Office Add-ins Development Kit. The [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) is an end-to end developer tool for building Office add-ins. You can use this tool to easily creating, running and debugging an Office add-in.
<br><img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="800"/>

1. **Download the sample code**

    Clone or download this sample to a folder on your computer, then open the folder in Visual Studio Code.

1. **Install the Office Add-ins Development Kit**
    
    Install the [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) extension in Visual Studio Code marketplace. Click the <img src="./assets/Icon_Office_Add-ins_Development_Kit.png" width="30"/> button in the side panel to open the extension.

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**
    
    Select `Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)` to start debugging the add-in code. 
    
    <img src="./assets/DevKit_Preview.png" width="500"/>

    <br>After selecting the button, the extension will first check prerequites before debugging starts. Check the terminal for detailed information and guiduance to get the environment ready. After theis process, a Word/Excel/PowerPoint desktop app will launch with the add-in sample side-loaded.
    
1.  **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    After you complete the debugging process, select `Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in` to stop debugging.
    
### Common questions running an add-in
    
* To debug on Office on the web, go to [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing)
* To debug in Desktop (Edge Legacy), go to [Debug Edge Legacy Webview](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-legacy)
* If you meet sideload errors, please check the following items to avoid some common errors:
    * You have installed dependencies.
    * You have closed all Word/Excel/PowerPoint apps.
    * You have stopped your last add-in previewing session.

    If you still have problems, check [troubleshoot development errors]( https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors) or [Create an issue](https://aka.ms/officedevkitnewissue) and we'll help you out.  

### How to use this sample

After launch Excel with add-in sample side-loaded, follow below steps:
1. Click the executeCFWithoutWebWorker button, a CustomFunction without WebWorker will be instered into the 'A1' Cell and executed, and the ball inside the taskpane will be blocked.
2. Click the executeCFWithWebWorker button, a CustomFunction with WebWorker will be instered into the 'A1' Cell and executed, and the ball inside the taskpane will not be blocked.

Now you can use the following custom functions:

```
=WebWorkerSample.TEST(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_PROMISE(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_ERROR(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_ERROR_PROMISE(2)
=WebWorkerSample.TEST_UI_THREAD(2)
```

If you open the task pane you will see an animated bouncing ball. You can see the effect of blocking the UI thread by entering `=WebWorkerSample.TEST_UI_THREAD(50000)` into a cell. The bouncing ball will stop for a few seconds while the result is calculated.

### Explore sample files
To explore the components of the add-in project, review the key files listed below. 
<br>You can check whether your manifest file is valid by selecting `Validate Manifest` in the `Office Add-ins Development Kit` extension tree view.
```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets like image/gif
| babel.config.json
| manifest*.xml                 Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     Get started here
| RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md         Run the add-in with Office Add-ins Development Kit extension
| SECURITY.md
| src/                          Add-ins source code
|   | commands/
|   |   | commands.html
|   |   | commands.js
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.html         Taskpane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here
|   | functions/
|   |   | functions.js          custom function js
|   |   | functions-worker.js   webworker js
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```

### Make code changes
**Resources to learn more Office add-ins capabilities:**
* Select `View Samples` on `Office Add-ins Development Kit` tree view for real-world examples and code structures.
* [Read the documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) of Office add-ins.

## Engage with the team
Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue]( https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Samples/issues/new) and we'll help you out.

Want to learn more about new features, development practices, and additional information? [Join the Microsoft Office Add-ins community call.](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins-community-call)

## Details

### Dispatch to web worker

When a custom function needs to use a web worker, we turn the calculation into a job and dispatch it to a web worker. The **dispatchCalculationJob** function takes the function name and parameters from a custom function, and creates a job object that is posted to a web worker. For more details see the **dispatchCalculationJob** function in [functions.js](functions.js).

```JavaScript
    // Post a job to the web worker to do the calculation
    function dispatchCalculationJob(functionName, parameters) {
        const jobId = g_nextJobId++;
        return new Promise(function(resolve, reject) {
            // store the promise information.
            g_jobIdToPromiseInfoMap[jobId] = {resolve: resolve, reject: reject};
            const worker = getOrCreateWebWorker(jobId);
            worker.postMessage({
                jobId: jobId,
                name: functionName,
                parameters: parameters
            });
        });
    }
```

### Web worker runs the job and returns the result

The web worker runs the job specified in the job object to do the actual calculation. The web worker code is in a separate file in [functions-worker.js](functions-worker.js).

The functions-worker.js will:

1. Receive a message containing the job to run.
1. Invoke a function to perform the calculation.
1. Call **postMessage** to post the result back to the main thread.

```JavaScript
self.addEventListener('message',
    function(event) {
        let data = event.data;
        if (typeof(data) == "string") {
            data = JSON.parse(data);
        }

        const jobId = data.jobId;
        try {
            const result = invokeFunction(data.name, data.parameters);
            // check whether the result is a promise
            if (typeof(result) == "function" || typeof(result) == "object" && typeof(result.then) == "function") {
                result.then(function(realResult) {
                    postMessage(
                        {
                            jobId: jobId,
                            result: realResult
                        }
                    );
                })
                .catch(function(ex) {
                    postMessage(
                        {
                            jobId: jobId,
                            error: true
                        }
                    )
                });
            }
            else {
                postMessage({
                    jobId: jobId,
                    result: result
                });
            }
        }
        catch(ex) {
            postMessage({
                jobId: jobId,
                error: true
            });
        }
    }
);

```

Most of the previous code handles the error case and Promise case.

### Process results from the web worker

In [functions.js](functions.js), when a new web worker is created, it is provided a callback function to process the result. The callback function parses the data to determine the outcome of the job. It resolves or rejects the promise as determined by the job result data.

```JavaScript
        // create a new web worker
        const webWorker = new Worker("functions-worker.js");
        webWorker.addEventListener('message', function(event) {
            let data = event.data;
            if (typeof(data) == "string") {
                data = JSON.parse(data);
            }

            if (typeof(data.jobId) == "number") {
                const jobId = data.jobId;
                // get the promise info associated with the job id
                const promiseInfo = g_jobIdToPromiseInfoMap[jobId];
                if (promiseInfo) {
                    if (data.error) {
                        // The web worker returned an error
                        promiseInfo.reject(new Error());
                    }
                    else {
                        // The web worker returned a result
                        promiseInfo.resolve(data.result);
                    }
                    delete g_jobIdToPromiseInfoMap[jobId];
                }
            }
        });
```
## Copyright
Copyright (c) 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
<br>**Note**: The taskpane.html file contains an image URL that tracks diagnostic data for this sample add-in. Please remove the image tag if you reuse this sample in your own code project.
<img src="https://pnptelemetry.azurewebsites.net/pnp-officeaddins/samples/word-add-in-aigc">

## Disclaimer
**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**
