Word-HelloWorld-TaskPane-JS/README.md, before:

# Word Hello World Task Pane Add-in

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800"/>

This is an Word hello-world add-in that simply inserts "Hello World" to canvas.

Word add-ins are integrations built by third parties into Word by using [Word JavaScript API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/reference/overview/word-add-ins-reference-overview) and [Office Platform capabilities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins).

## How to run this sample

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16, 18, or 20 (18 is preferred) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). To verify if you've already installed these tools, run the commands `node -v` and `npm -v` in your terminal.
- [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) version 0.5.0 and higher.
- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. You might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](
https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program), see [FAQ](
https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-) for details.
Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1)
or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).


### Run the add-in using Office Add-ins Development Kit
[Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) is an end-to end developer tool for building Office add-ins. You can use this tool to easily creating, running and debugging, and managing the lifecycle of an Office add-in.
<br><img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="800"/>

1. **Check and Install Dependencies**

    Select `Check and Install Dependencies` to check your environment and install necessary dependencies in order to run and debug the add-in code.

3. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**
    
    Select `Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)` on the side panel to start running and debugging the add-in code. A Word/Excel/PowerPoint app will launch with the add-in sample side-loaded.
   * You can also start debugging by hitting the `F5` key or running `npm run start` command in the terminal.
    * To debug on Office on the web, go to [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing)
    * To debug in Desktop (Edge Legacy), go to [Debug Edge Legacy Webview](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-legacy)
    
    **If you meet sideload errors, please first confirm the following items and check [troubleshoot development errors]( https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors) for common issues. If you still have problems, [Create an issue](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/issues/new/choose) and we'll help you out.** 
    
    * You have installed dependencies.
    * You have closed all Word/Excel/PowerPoint apps.
    * You have stopped your last add-in previewing session.

5. **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    Select `Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in` to stop debugging.

## How to use this sample
You can try out the sample add-in when it is sideloaded on Word/Excel/PowerPoint apps:

1. Click `Run` in task pane

### Explore sample files
<br>You can check whether your manifest file is valid by selecting `Validate Manifest` in the `Office Add-ins Development Kit` extension tree view.

```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets like image/gif
| babel.config.json
| manifest.xml                  Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     Get started here
| src/                          Add-ins source code
|   | commands/
|   |   | commands.html
|   |   | commands.js
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Taskpane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Taskpane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```


### Make code changes
**Resources to learn more Office add-ins capabilities:**
* Select `View Samples` on `Office Add-ins Development Kit` tree view for real-world examples and code structures.
* [Read the documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) of Office add-ins.

## Engage with the team
Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/issues/new/choose) and we'll help you out.

Want to learn more about new features, development practices, and additional information? [Join the Microsoft Office Add-ins community call.](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins-community-call)

## Copyright
Copyright (c) 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Disclaimer
**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

Commit message:

MOD: update README.md & add RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md

Word-HelloWorld-TaskPane-JS/README.md, after:

# Word Hello World Task Pane Add-in

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800"/>

This is an Word hello-world add-in that simply inserts "Hello World" to canvas.

Word add-ins are integrations built by third parties into Word by using [Word JavaScript API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/reference/overview/word-add-ins-reference-overview) and [Office Platform capabilities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins).

## How to run this sample

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16, 18, or 20 (18 is preferred) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm). To verify if you've already installed these tools, run the commands `node -v` and `npm -v` in your terminal.
- [Visual Studio Code](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) and [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) version 0.5.0 and higher.
- Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. You might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](
https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program), see [FAQ](
https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-) for details.
Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1)
or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](
https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).


### Run the add-in using Office Add-ins Development Kit extension
The simpliest way to run this add-in project is using the Office Add-ins Development Kit. The [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) is an end-to end developer tool for building Office add-ins. You can use this tool to easily creating, running and debugging an Office add-in.
<br><img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="800"/>

1. **Download the sample code**

    Clone or download this sample to a folder on your computer, then open the folder in Visual Studio Code.

1. **Install the Office Add-ins Development Kit**
    
    Install the [Office Add-ins Development Kit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msoffice.microsoft-office-add-in-debugger) extension in Visual Studio Code marketplace. Click the <img src="./assets/Icon_Office_Add-ins_Development_Kit.png" width="30"/> button in the side panel to open the extension.

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**
    
    Select `Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)` to start debugging the add-in code. 
    
    <img src="./assets/DevKit_Preview.png" width="500"/>

    <br>After selecting the button, the extension will first check prerequites before debugging starts. Check the terminal for detailed information and guiduance to get the environment ready. After theis process, a Word/Excel/PowerPoint desktop app will launch with the add-in sample side-loaded.
    
1.  **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    After you complete the debugging process, select `Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in` to stop debugging.
    
### Common questions running an add-in
    
* To debug on Office on the web, go to [Sideload Office Add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing)
* To debug in Desktop (Edge Legacy), go to [Debug Edge Legacy Webview](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-devtools-edge-legacy)
* If you meet sideload errors, please check the following items to avoid some common errors:
    * You have installed dependencies.
    * You have closed all Word/Excel/PowerPoint apps.
    * You have stopped your last add-in previewing session.

    If you still have problems, check [troubleshoot development errors]( https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors) or [Create an issue](https://aka.ms/officedevkitnewissue) and we'll help you out.  

## How to use this sample
You can try out the sample add-in when it is sideloaded on Word/Excel/PowerPoint apps:

1. Click `Run` in task pane

### Explore sample files
<br>You can check whether your manifest file is valid by selecting `Validate Manifest` in the `Office Add-ins Development Kit` extension tree view.

```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets like image/gif
| babel.config.json
| manifest.xml                  Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     Get started here
| RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md         Run the add-in with Office Add-ins Development Kit extension
| src/                          Add-ins source code
|   | commands/
|   |   | commands.html
|   |   | commands.js
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Taskpane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Taskpane entry html
|   |   | taskpane.js           Add API calls and logic here
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```


### Make code changes
**Resources to learn more Office add-ins capabilities:**
* Select `View Samples` on `Office Add-ins Development Kit` tree view for real-world examples and code structures.
* [Read the documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins) of Office add-ins.

## Engage with the team
Did you experience any problems with the sample? [Create an issue](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/issues/new/choose) and we'll help you out.

Want to learn more about new features, development practices, and additional information? [Join the Microsoft Office Add-ins community call.](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins-community-call)

## Copyright
Copyright (c) 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Disclaimer
**THIS CODE IS PROVIDED *AS IS* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**
